Phase 1 is approved for the CLEANUP ONLY. Do the delete and the post-delete
verification below, then STOP again. Do NOT start the isolation refactor,
validation guard, or regression test yet — those come in a separate approved
step after I've reviewed the verification output.

=== PHASE 2A — CLEANUP + VERIFY (do now, then stop) ===

1. DELETE
   Execute exactly the confirmed predicate — all three conditions, not date
   alone:
     DELETE FROM schedule_changes
     WHERE change_type = 'delisted'
       AND schedule_code = 1983062564
       AND effective_date = DATE '2092-01-01';
   Report rows affected. If it is not exactly 1,140, STOP and report — do not
   continue.

2. VERIFY THE FEED IS CLEAN
   - Confirm zero rows remain with schedule_code = 1983062564 or
     effective_date = 2092-01-01 anywhere in schedule_changes.
   - Confirm the PBS Updates feed, per-item evidence histories, and per-drug
     schedule timelines no longer surface any 2092 event.

3. VERIFY NOTHING DOWNSTREAM MOVED
   The Phase 1 analysis predicted no recomputation is needed (predictions gate
   on high-significance new_brand events; these were normal-significance
   delisted). Confirm that held:
   - Count predictions before/after: the 136 existing predictions for the seven
     affected drugs should be unchanged. Report the number.
   - Dashboard / overview period counts: unchanged. Report them.
   - Stock-exposure warnings and Upcoming Changes view: unchanged.
   If ANY of these moved, something consumed the phantom rows that the analysis
   missed — report exactly what changed rather than proceeding.

4. CHECK THE 64-ROW REMAINDER (read-only — report, do not act)
   The 64 Abrilada delistings (drug 2100003000, schedules 4558 and 4580) were
   correctly NOT deleted, but were never confirmed as real. Run the
   authoritative check against source data, not against the delisting records:
   does drug 2100003000 still appear in the latest real (non-fixture) schedule
   snapshot?
     - Absent from the current schedule  -> the delistings are plausibly real;
       leave them.
     - Present in the current schedule    -> the 64 are false, and there is a
       second, smaller contamination to investigate separately.
   Report which case holds and the evidence. Do not modify these rows either way.

STOP HERE. Report: rows deleted, feed-clean confirmation, the before/after
prediction and dashboard counts, and the remainder finding. Wait for my next
instruction before any Phase 2B work.

=== PHASE 2B — ISOLATION (do NOT start until I approve after 2A) ===

Noting this now so you can plan, but do not implement until approved:

- The root cause is that a test calls the real fetchSchedule(), which writes
  into the shared raw_schedule_staging table that the ingestion /
  change-detection pass reads. The fix must make it STRUCTURALLY IMPOSSIBLE for
  a test to write into any table ingestion reads — a separate test schema or
  database, or a per-test transaction that rolls back. 
- Do NOT fix this by hardening the fixture's teardown/cleanup. Phase 1 could not
  determine why the existing cleanup failed, so more-reliable cleanup leaves the
  shared-table write path intact and only makes the leak rarer. Structural
  isolation only.
- The four-digit-schedule-code validation is defence in depth, NOT the fix, and
  is secondary to the isolation. A realistic-looking fixture code would pass it
  with no 2092 date to expose the leak.
- Plan to include a regression test that reproduces the contamination scenario
  (fixture staging present in the shared table) and asserts the change-detection
  pass emits zero phantom delistings.

When you reach 2B I'll likely want to review it as a diff rather than have it
applied unattended, so present the plan and the changes for approval rather than
landing them in one pass.